refactor: generate (#11175)
authelia/authelia: docs/content/integration/openid-connect/clients/jellysweep/index.md

Reviewer: Changing an apostrophe to a different character, is that intended?

  integration: true
seo:
  title: "Jellysweep | OpenID Connect 1.0 | Integration"

>   description: "Step-by-step guide to configuring Jellysweep with OpenID Connect 1.0 for secure SSO. Enhance your login flow using Authelia’s modern identity management."

Author: ```suggestion
  description: "Step-by-step guide to configuring Jellysweep with OpenID Connect 1.0 for secure SSO. Enhance your login flow using Authelia's modern identity management."
```
